README.md, before:

# Professional Readme Generator
by Dakota
![Github license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT,Boost1.0,MPL2.0,BSD2-blue.svg)

## Description
To create a professial readme with the input that the reader wants. It also has a licensing to tell the read what liceasing this readme has.

## Deployed Application URL
github.com/DakotaK92/Challenge-9

## Screenshot
![Challenge-9 Screenshot](https://github.com/DakotaK92/Challenge-9/assets/46942706/33e4b14b-8d83-42ae-b7f1-6c82d28a70d4)

## Table of Contents
[Features](#features),
[Langauges & Dependencies](#languagesanddependencies),
[How to Use This Application](#HowtoUseThisApplication),
[Contributors](#contributors),
[Testing](#testing),
[Questions](#questions),

## Features
Plugs info from the user into a README.md

## Languages & Dependencies
Inquirer

## How to Use This Application:
javascript, node.js, inquirer

## Contributors
N/A

## Testing

## Questions
Please send your questions dakotaking92@gmail.com or visit [DakotaK92](https://github.com/DakotaK92).

Commit message:

Update README.md with video

README.md, after:

# Professional Readme Generator
by Dakota K
![Github license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT,Boost1.0,MPL2.0,BSD2-blue.svg)

## Description
For the user/reader to be able to fill in a README.md Generator with these short answers.

## Deployed Application URL
github.com/DakotaK92

## Screenshot
![Challenge-9 Screenshot](https://github.com/DakotaK92/Challenge-9/assets/46942706/33e4b14b-8d83-42ae-b7f1-6c82d28a70d4)

## Table of Contents
[Features](#features),
[Langauges & Dependencies](#languagesanddependencies),
[How to Use This Application](#HowtoUseThisApplication),
[Contributors](#contributors),
[Testing](#testing),
[Questions](#questions),

## Features
A badge that appears at the top of the README.md

## Languages & Dependencies
Inquirer

## How to Use This Application:
javascript, node.js

## Contributors
N/A

## Testing
https://github.com/DakotaK92/Challenge-9/assets/46942706/d72a6b1b-350a-4b3a-ad02-3f567a3b993d

## Questions
Please send your questions dakotaking92@gmail.com or visit [DakotaK92](https://github.com/DakotaK92).
